README.md, before:

### Date created
10.07.2023

### Bike share data

### Description
In this project, we are going to utilize Python and descriptive statistics concepts to explore data associated with bike share systems for three big cities in the United States—Chicago, New York City, and Washington. 
We will use python to answer some interesting basic statistical questions about the data. Moreover, we will provide a user interactive experience in the terminal to ask about and represent these statistics.

It is a system that allows you to rent bikes for a reasonable amount of money. In this system, you can take the bike from one point (station) and then return it to another point (another station) _ that belongs to the system of course after the end of your trip or maybe return to the same starting point again, it depends on the system itself.
In the past years, the bicycle sharing system has developed and spread widely in many cities of the world. As we mentioned before, in this project we will deal specifically with three major cities, Chicago, New York City, and Washington.

### Files used
Include the files used

### Credits
It's important to give proper credit. Add links to any repo that inspired you or blogposts you consulted.

Commit message:

Docs: File used and Credits updated in README.md
The file used and credits part in the README.md file has been updated.

README.md, after:

### Date created
10.07.2023

### Bike share data

### Description
In this project, we are going to utilize Python and descriptive statistics concepts to explore data associated with bike share systems for three big cities in the United States—Chicago, New York City, and Washington. 
We will use python to answer some interesting basic statistical questions about the data. Moreover, we will provide a user interactive experience in the terminal to ask about and represent these statistics.

It is a system that allows you to rent bikes for a reasonable amount of money. In this system, you can take the bike from one point (station) and then return it to another point (another station) _ that belongs to the system of course after the end of your trip or maybe return to the same starting point again, it depends on the system itself.
In the past years, the bicycle sharing system has developed and spread widely in many cities of the world. As we mentioned before, in this project we will deal specifically with three major cities, Chicago, New York City, and Washington.

### Files used
In this project, we will work on data provided by Motivate, One of the bike sharing system s providers for many major cities in the United States of America, to uncover bike share usage patterns. 
We are going to compare the system usage between three large cities: Chicago, New York City, and Washington. The data is randomly selected for the first six months of 2017 are provided for all three cities.

Of course You will need the three city dataset files:

- chicago.csv
- new_york_city.csv
- washington.csv

### Credits
For this project the following homepage has been used:

https://www.datainsightonline.com/post/exploring-us-bikeshare-data-project
